hello everybody I am welcome to my first
plugin review and we gonna test a boat
what pokemon and I'm yeah let's start
yes so I am Alec the actual created the
UH the plugin wild Pokemon and yeah
we're just gonna give you a little demo
of that as he said so let's say so he's
looking at me right now and I'm gonna
walk through this grass just like you
know you wouldn't Pokemon Hey look oh
look at that a chicken just appeared
behind me and he'll be able to show you
a little bit when you're actually
walking what it would look like so like
walk in the grass and like show you know
a while zombie or chicken or whatever
has appeared yeah and it's really nice
because this plugins and fully
customizable and you can change um which
mob spell the messages everything uh
yeah you can also you can also change
how often they spawn so right now it's
set to one percent which is recommended
um because if you have anything higher
they just start spawning non-stop so it
gives you about the same as like what
you would have in Pokemon so like it
happens every once in a while but it's
not like non-stop so yeah pretty
customizable pretty easy yeah awesome
it's very easy to install and just build
on their doors RAR file um natal jar I'm
into your plugins folder and yeah your
own era yeah you're clear or nay now I
don't know how to say
so yeah guess this is a plugin yeah and
I think we have shown now proven so by
everybody